Idea dump

Macbeth as a black comedy with lady Macbeth as hero


Mash in concept of character as matriarch of crime family a la krays 



Start point: Election or revolution - you are in charge it would seem, or at least heavily involved or else it would be difficult to have a large impact. 

I came up with a character name Cyril C. Fuss because I love a terrible pun.


First act - make a decision which will basically decide the fate of the world - perhaps a capitalism/socialism/totalitarianism choice - perhaps the character choice would be the influencing/deciding factor


Everything else follows on from that and can combine and diverge from  the obvious. Eg. nationalising all industry but removing personal freedoms to the extent that you’re basically making people slaves to the state a la soviet russia, some people’s idea of a utopia! and so on.


Perhaps going slightly further than this simple 3 way choice with the option of making something that might resemble your own idea of a utopia, or at least providing 3-5 endpoints/characters depending on  how it works

Snarky cabinet/populace/rival leaders for humour element. Imagine if Prime Minister’s Question time involved someone with actual wit.


This idea heavily influenced by Democracy 3 and Civilisation V’s end game but with the intention of having more personality and going further.


Big events dealt with in different ways cause different outcomes e.g. something trivial like a Royal Wedding (if you don’t abolish the monarchy of course, and then do you attend, make public comment etc and how this might have a knock on effect on public opinion), or more serious war (at home or interfering/not interfering abroad), planet threatening meteor, Godzilla (Vote Godzilla!), etc. This would be the meat of the game 

Eventual fall of your system by economic collapse, assassination, or public unrest, or just being voted out, causing the loop (Quantum Leap/Majora’s Mask/etc - do we need a why) but traces of what you did remain in the ‘new’ past. Or we take it as ‘history repeating’ and a new system rises from  the ashes taking parts of what came before (this would be much more complex and impossibly getting away from the point.

event -dialogue/narrative attached - lots of small parts

replayed with multiple characters

REVERSE - Story starts at the end, trying to solve a problem of some kind, loops back there after going backwards somehow. - initially one character


possibly ridiculous, possibly involving the above ideas, possibly none, as long as there’s a means of looping the story somehow (in a more interesting way than lost woods/suda)


Loop/portal returns you to 'the room' in which you start/end. 

Cyril is trying to fix his transdimensional toastie maker. Some people might say causing the cheese to travel through several dimensions in the blink of an eye is excessive, by Cyril thinks it's the only way to get the perfect balance of melt and flavour in the shortest possible time. Cyril wants it now. Sometimes now is in 5 minutes. Sometimes now is 1864. There are some teething issues.

"maybe if I just...

FIRST CHOICE
1. Wangle the flompinator
2. Press the big red button
3. Install a de-clogger

1. The Flompinator crackles. You've accidentally moved to last Tuesday when you installed the Flompinator. More importantly the cheese has reverted to milk and the bread is just dough. And a whole lot of other shit happens. I'm spitballing for concept. Eventunually you get back to the room somehow and choose 2 or 3. 

2. The big red button cause the end of the universe. well done.

3. You need to build a de-clogger. You go build a de-clogger somehow. This will be a quest in itself. This option will actually progress the story as more things will be needed to fix the thing.

Perhaps this is too ridiculous but you can sort of see how this mechanic might work.