Zombies Vs Nerds ! by Luke Chant, Frances Chant and Bianca Jump. ! !
!1
ZvN 26 06 14 Act One ! Scene One ! FX: Dark, Thunder and lightning, lab noises, smoke machine and ‘Die Die My Darling’ by the Misfits playing in the back ground. Curtains open - There is a girl (Manga Girl) lying on a table with a cloth over her. Fred is in an Umbrella Corp Lab Coat, giggling to himself, electrodes stuck in Manga Girl head. Fred is holding a big syringe, gives it a squirt then plunges it into Manga Girl. ! Fred: They all laughed at me, said I could never get a girlfriend. Well, who's laughing now!? At last, my creation, the distilled beauty of a thousand manga girls is complete! ! Fred pulls a big switch, electric type noises, and Manga Girl shudders ! Fred: It's alive! It's ALIVEEEEEEEE! MWAHAHAHAHAHA ! Manga Girl slowly sits up, zombie arms, and bares bloody teeth, spits a mouth full of fake blood onto Fred Fred screams (short, high pitched) and runs away, Manga Girl puts arm out towards Fred, facing away from the audience, does a zombie groan. ! Blackout: Manga Girl takes cloth; Rain noise continues. Cast set up D’n’D game. ! !
!2
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Two ! FX: Heavy rain noise fades to quiet in the back ground, low shop light. Curtains open: In the comic book store, all the characters are around a table playing a D’n’D game. ! Brevin: (holding a flash light under his face) As you wander through the estate of a local lord, you soon meet a familiar face. The head of the local adventurer's guild waits until most of the crowds have drawn away from you before telling you any news. Finally, the tale begins. ! Fred runs in from stage left (shop door) dripping wet, taking his bloody lab coat off.  ! Enid: You've got red on you. ! Fred sits down, pulls out some hand cleanser and cleans his hands; everyone looks at him and carries on with game. ! Brevin: Ahem. Recently many properties have been destroyed by fire. This obviously has many locals concerned. Rumours say it is the work of a marauding dragon, summoned by a lone madman, but none know the truth. It's up to you to get to the bottom of this mystery. ! Thora: ...so while Kirk is better at hand to hand combat and has more luck with the ladies, Picard is a master of strategy, and, unlike Kirk, has a stable family. So that's why Picard is better. ! Garth: Thora, you do realise you've spent the last five minutes comparing lame Star Trek captains when Han Solo is a thousand times better than both. He's the underdog, a real rebel, unlike Kirk… ! Thora: But can he play the flute? ! Everyone: What?   ! Thora: Never mind. Two words Garth – Phantom… Menace. ! Garth: Gah! It still hurts! ! Thora: Kirk would have just shot Jar Jar Binks and asked questions later. ! Brevin: (rolls dice) That’s an excellent point Thora, but despite that fact this dragon is waiting for us to do something. It's polite like that. 
!3
ZvN 26 06 14 ! Enid: Star whatever, Superman would have them all in a fight. ! Thora: Well I think Q would give Superman a run for his money. ! Garth: And Yoda has power beyond all. ! Enid: HULK SMASH YODA. Yoda is just Hulk's snot. ! Garth: (Yoda voice) Hurts my feelings that does, misguided you are. ! Brevin: Can we get back to the game please? What are you going to do? ! Fred: I say we tame the dragon. ! Dolores: Yeah, I'm generally pro-dragon. I want it to help me kill hipsters. ! Garth: In the spirit of the game I suggest we band together to defeat the dragon. ! Enid: Well duh. ! Brevin: So Enid, what are you going to do. ! Enid: I cast scrying to find the dragon's lair. ! Brevin rolls the dice. ! Brevin: 16.  ! Enid: Yes! (Fist pump) ! Brevin: You see that the dragon's lair is atop a hill in the center of a dense forest. ! Dolores: Enid this is so boring, lame. ! Brevin: How can dragons be boring? ! Dolores: Pah, I am Dolores Targaryen! Queen of Dragons! ! Brevin: I am Brevin Lannister, roller of dice. ! Thora: I'm Jon Snoooow, and I know nothing. ! Fred: Dragons are all well and good, but they're no Charizard. !
!4
ZvN 26 06 14 Silence, actual tumble weed ! Brevin: Anyway... Garth, what are you going to do? Garth: I'm going to tear Thora a new one for that Phantom Menace dig. I launch an arrow at Thora. ! Brevin: (rolls dice) I do wish you nerds would take this out on each other somewhere else. Get a room. Every smegging time... OK you rolled a 19; you take 6 HP off Thora. ! Thora: Oh for Spock's sake… ! Enid: Is this really necessary? ! Garth: Necessary? No. Vindictive?.. Possibly?! (Grabs the flash light off Brevin and puts it under his face) Who's your daddy? I AM YOUR FATHER! ! Dolores: Oh, its Garth Vader now is it? ! Fred: I'm going to use Jigglypuff to put the Charizard to sleep. ! Brevin: How many times Fred? No Pokémon! ! Thora: I'm swinging a sword at Garth.  ! Brevin rolls the dice and rubs his temples. Fred cleans his hands again. ! Brevin: Miss. ! Garth: HA! ! Thora: You’ll see. Resistance is futile. ! Brevin: Ok… Dolores Targaryen or whoever you are today, these pair are fighting, again, but our elf-wizard has located the dragon.  ! Dolores: What's the thing to control a creature? ! Enid: Dominate Animal. ! Garth: I bet you know a thing or two about dominating animals. Dolores: I bet you know a thing or two about being a hairy palmed virgin. Roll Brevin, I'd like to be finished before any of you attempt another innuendo. ! Brevin rolls dice ! Brevin: 6; fail. 
!5
ZvN 26 06 14 ! Dolores: You all fail… at life. ! Fred: Don't we have to get to the dragon first? Let's head towards the forest. Brevin: As you approach the forest you encounter a grim looking band of 20 orcs. They don't see you yet. What will you do? ! Garth: To kill an Orc you must first become an Orc. ! Dolores: That is officially the lamest thing anyone has ever said in the history of the world. ! Thora: For once I agree with you.  ! Fred: Could we not just serenade the orcs? ! Garth: You want to sing? To Orcs? ! Thora: Appeal to their better natures? ! Enid: Actually that might work. Hit it! ! Song "Sweet Orc O' Mine” Guns N Roses - Sweet Child Of Mine [cut intro] FRED: She's got a hump that it seems to me Reminds me of screaming night terrors Where everything Was as dark as her dungeon lairs BREVIN: Rollin’ the dice when I see her mace She drags me away to that dungeon place And if I stayed long ‘nuff I'd probably up my XP ! GARTH: Sweet orc o' mine Sweet beast of mine [cut guitar solo] ! ENID: I try to fight with my wizards staff Forged in the fires of Gaat. I  give my best demonic laugh And cast a binding spell ! DOLORES: I come in with my dragon friends  Breathing fire and pwning you And start to show you your grisly ends I hate all this, God you’re lame 
!6
ZvN 26 06 14 ! ALL: Sweet orc o' mine Sweet beast of mine Sweet orc o' mine Sweet beast of mine [cut guitar solo] ALL: What will we roll? What will we roll now? What will we roll? Sweet orc o' mine ! Firefly ringtone interrupts song abruptly as the guitar solo would kick in - Garth is about to launch into an air guitar solo on his knees – Seymour calls Thora ! Everyone stops, looks around and checks their pockets. Thora answers her phone. Garth looks embarrassed. ! Thora: Er, hello? ! Seymour: ‘Sup noobs? ! Thora: Oh hi Seymour, I was about to explain how wrong Garth is about everything ever, especially the key fact that Star Wars is wrong. ! Seymour: What a noob argument. Sounded like you were singing at Orcs or something. Shut up noobs and listen. I'm having a film and games night at the weekend. I'm thinking Escape from New York, Serenity, Starship Troopers and whatever anime junk Fred will force us to watch. ! Fred: I've got a fansub of the latest Naruto. ! Seymour: Sounds dreadful. Anyway I'm going cosplay with this one so I want you all to let me know what you're coming as. ! Seymour's Mum: (shouting in the background) Seymour, do you want your red one or your yellow one ironing? ! Seymour: What the frack mum? As if I'd beam down in a red uniform! You see what I have to deal with here? ! Enid: Yeah sounds like hell Seymour, your mum doing your ironing. ! Seymour: I'm glad you understand. Now, I’m bringing a girl I met on World of Warcraft, so if you could also bring dates then it won’t look like I exclusively associate with losers. I realise this may be difficult for you !
!7
ZvN 26 06 14 Dolores: I think my irony alarm just went off. ! Enid: I don’t need a man to validate my existence thank you very much. ! Thora: Chill out Dworkin. We’d have to look much further afield than here if this [shoves Garth] is what we have to work with. ! Garth: Huh. Is Fred going to bring his blow up school girl? ! Fred shuffles nervously. ! Fred: I can bring a girl. ! Laughs/snorts of derision ! Thora: Sure you can Fred. ! Seymour: OK so Fred's bringing his imaginary, possibly inflatable lady friend, you’ve somehow convinced Dolores to play DnD with you so I’m sure you can convince her to bring something vaguely human with her. ! Dolores: Only if I’ve not died of boredom by then.  ! Seymour: So the rest of you get on the case picking costumes and finding dates. ! Seymour hangs up. ! Brevin: Well that was abrupt! I suppose we’d better get involved in costume selection - to the Batmobile! I mean, wardrobe! ! Blackout: cast put the table at the back of the stage and put shop “booth” out.?
!8
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Three ! FX: Day time light. ! The next morning, Enid is working in the shop. She is doing shop type stuff, putting out/tidying comic books etc. Brevin enters SL. ! Enid: Hi Brevin, what's up? ! Brevin: Oh Enid, it's terrible. My shop is all locked up and there's a letter from the bailiffs, what am I going to do? It might as well be the end of the world. ! Enid: Have you tried rolling dice? ! Brevin: Even the dice can't help me this time. (Pause as Brevin looks out of the window, peering to see something) Have you been outside today? ! Enid: I go outside every day Brevin, you should try it. ! Brevin: Well have you noticed how weird people are being? Like they don't even notice you're there? ! Enid: Well that's my general experience of life. (pause here, preoccupied with shop things) I get what you mean – even the hipsters seem a bit more detached from reality than usual and I've got nothing more than a grunt or a groan when I've said hello to people. ! Brevin: Maybe they've been replaced by alien clones, bodysnatchers or something? ! Enid: Maybe you have an overactive imagination? ! Dolores walks in, puts her finger on her lips to signal shh to Enid and pretends to be a zombie, walking up behind Brevin ! Brevin: Maybe they're all part of some secret cult, or reverse vampires, or … ! Dolores reaches Brevin and puts a hand on his shoulder ! Brevin: (screams) ZOMBIES! ! Brevin runs out of the shop. Dolores laughs to herself, a slightly lame attempt at an evil laugh. ! Dolores: Where's he run off to? I was only being friendly. !
!9
ZvN 26 06 14 Enid: That was mean Dolores… but quite funny. ! Dolores: I know right. He's so lame. ! Enid: He's sweet. ! Dolores: Being an actual zombie would be sweet. ! Enid: You just like Andrew Lincoln. Although a mash up of Walking Dead and Queer as Folk would be awesome. ! Dolores: (Gives Enid a dirty look) Andrew Lincoln wasn't in Queer as Folk. More's the pity; a zombie shag tag party would be amazing. I can't see you at a zombie shag tag party somehow. I'd be all over that. Maybe I'll do that for my next birthday party. Assuming there were no hipster zombies, obviously. Zombies are amaaaaazing. Whereas, hipsters, are SO lame. ! Enid: I worry that you only hate hipsters because it's cool to hate hipsters, which would make you a hipster. ! Dolores: Blasphemy! I'm so Goth that the undead are naturally drawn to me and unfortunately the brain dead, judging by how often the hipster hit on me. ! Enid: Perhaps they're being ironic. ! Dolores: Very funny. So when was the last time you spoke to a man outside of the shop? ! Enid: To be honest most of the guys in here are too scared to speak to me. It's the ovaries. Apparently that means I can't write comics either. Dolores: Have you tried? ! Enid: So you didn’t read that email I sent with a comic script in? ! Dolores: I try not to read emails if at all possible. ! Enid: Well judging by the lack of feedback no one else read it either. Sometimes it’s like I’m Invisible Woman. No one seems to notice me at all. ! Dolores: Well what was it even about? Fluffy unicorns? ! Enid: [gives her a dirty look] It's about a female archaeologist who is transformed into the  Egyptian goddess Isis after disturbing a cursed pyramid. But she fights against her worshippers idealising her as the mother goddess and... ! !10
ZvN 26 06 14 Dolores: Does it involve smashing the patriarchy? ! Enid: Yeah, so? ! Dolores: Ugh, it ALWAYS involves smashing the patriarchy. Why not just write about a kick-ass female archaeologist? Lame ! Enid: Because things like this are important ! Dolores: Not to most people who read comics ! Enid: But they SHOULD be. There are loads of great female writers who do really accessible comics like... ! Dolores: Let me stop you there. You're going to list them, and I won't have heard of any of them. Who cares Enid? I could go on tumblr right now and find you a hundred "feminist" comics written by all these like, amazing women and like, literally no-one will care, as most people read comics because they're big kids who like death-rays and being able to fly [Enid looks crushed] Enid why don't you just write about things you like? Why does there have to be a message? That comic you drew me for my birthday about me becoming Gothzilla and trampling everything in my path for being lame was brilliant. And I never think things are brilliant ! Enid: But Isis IS a great story, and it IS about things I like. What you're saying is though is that because I'm a woman, and the rest of society hasn't caught up to me, it's not enough. I'll always have to justify what I write in order not to scare off the men ! Dolores: Pretty much ! Enid: Lame ! Dolores: Having talent doesn't matter so much when your boobs are smudging the ink on the page you're working on ! Enid: [laughs] But as long as you're telling a great story it shouldn't matter that there's a message, as long as that's not the only thing there is. I don't want to preach at people, but I do want them to think ! Dolores: That's your problem right there. Most people are idiots. If there was a zombie invasion tomorrow the poor zombies would likely die of starvation. More's the pity ! Enid: So you think I should give up as well? Just let people keep over- looking me even though even you admit I have talent? ! Dolores: Why not? Apathy is working out pretty well for me. If you want to change the world apply to law-school or something. Then society can just berate you for being unmarried and childless !11
ZvN 26 06 14 ! [Dolores exits singing 'Single Female Lawyer’ from Futurama] ! Delores exits SL ! Song by Enid: Last one Left - part 1 “Last One Left” Alanis Morissette – Right Trough You This song shows up twice in the show so split in two ! Part 1 ! Wait a minute boy You misread my story You didn't read the whole thing Before you sniggered at me  Wait a minute boy You really hurt my feelings You see me as a Gothy comic nerd And you though green lantern was great ! I see right through you I know I’m gonna beat you You’re the villain of my life I’m gonna walk right through you, you. ! Curtain.?
!12
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Four (with thanks to Mary Shelley) ! FX: Low light, floor stage, smoke machine ! Fred is by himself talking about Manga Girl. She shows up at the back of the hall and walks slowly towards him. ! Fred: What have I done? This glorious creature is surely too beautiful for the likes of me? I beheld this Eve — the beautiful monster whom I had created. She held up the curtain of the bed; and her eyes, if eyes they may be called, were fixed on me. Her jaws opened, and she muttered some inarticulate sounds, while a grin wrinkled her cheeks. Let's ignore the blood part. ! Fred shudders and instinctively cleans his hands again ! Fred: She might have spoken, but I did not hear; one hand was stretched out, seemingly to embrace me, but I escaped and rushed downstairs. I took refuge in the comic shop which I inhabited, where I remained during the rest of the night, walking up and down in the greatest agitation, listening attentively, catching and fearing each sound as if it were to announce the approach of the angelic corpse to which I had so wonderfully given life. ! Manga Girl is now two feet away from him ! Fred: She’s so beautiful, more than I ever imagined. ! Manga Girl leans forward and touches Fred with a bloody hand. Fred shrieks. ! Fred: But all this blood is playing hell with my OCD! ! Song by Fred: You've lost that living feeling “You’ve lost that living feeling” The Righteous Brothers – You’ve Lost that Loving Feeling ! You never close your eyes anymore, you’ve got no eyelids. And there's no tenderness like before, you’ve gone all stiff. You're dead so you don’t even know it, (baby). But baby, baby I know it... ! You've lost that livin' feeling, Whoa, that livin' feeling, You've lost that livin' feeling, Now you’re dead...dead...dead...ooohwoo Noooo………… ! Now there's a vacant look in your eyes but I know you feel this too. 
!13
ZvN 26 06 14 I see that twitch in your side and I know it’s true [Full body twitch from Manga Girl] It makes me just feel like turning, (baby). 'Cause baby, something in you is dying. ! You lost that livin' feeling, Whoa, that livin' feeling, You've lost that livin' feeling, Now you’re dead...dead...dead...ooohwooo  Nooo……………….. Fred trys to dance with Manga Girl but it is like dancing with a dead body. He swings her about for a bit then lets her go. Manga Girl slowly walks off and out floor, stage right door ! Blackout. ! !
!14
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Five ! FX: Shop light ! Curtains open. Brevin, Thora, Garth and Fred are in the shop. ! Brevin: I dunno, my shop is closed down for one day and it looks like half of Manchester has entered a shuffly, groany kind of mourning. ! Thora: Yes Brevin, I'm sure those lads in the tracksuits and hoodies were gutted that they have nowhere to buy Orcs anymore. ! Garth: And that woman with the Justin Bieber t-shirt looked like she was dying for a game of Warhammer 40K, looked a definite Blood Angels type. ! Brevin: But that's sort of my point. ! Garth: Really? I was more concerned that she was a grown woman who likes Justin Beiber. ! Brevin: True, but normally those scallies shout abuse at us or ask us for fags, yet all we got was a vague groan in our direction. ! Thora: I was just enjoying the novelty. Maybe they've decided that you aren’t a “specky gimp’” after all. And why they would insist on calling me a “Star Wars twat" when I'm CLEARLY wearing Federation insignia is beyond me. ! Garth: I think we can all blame the false trilogy for that. They know who Darth Maul is but they don't realise Han shot first. ! Fred:(innocently) But he didn't, it was Greedo. ! Garth:(exasperated) Not in the original version Fred! ! Thora: Ooooh, touchy subject! ! Garth: You're damn right! ! Fred: Is that an Orphan Black reference? ! Garth: Not everything is a reference Fred [wink to audience] ! Brevin: Frankly I'm amazed you've managed to watch something that isn't animated and subtitled Fred. ! Enid and Dolores rush in. !
!15
ZvN 26 06 14 Enid: [out of breath] Guys, we've just been chased by some rabid hipsters! ! Dolores: Yeah, one of them tried to touch me. It was laaaaame. ! Garth: Come on now Dolores, surely it's not the first time a hipster has touched you? ! Dolores: As if I'd go near a hipster. The thought makes my skin crawl. ! Brevin: Now, you said rabid hipsters. Are they getting rabies before its cool? ! Enid: Well… maybe rabid isn't the right word, but they looked weird, even for hipsters. ! Dolores: And that's saying something! ! Thora: Oh hi pot, have you met my friend kettle? ! Dolores: Whatever (mutters under her breath) sooo laaaame. ! Enid: The important thing is they were chasing us. Slowly, but definitely following us. They looked proper weird, like they were possessed or something. ! Fred: Well we were just saying how everyone seems odd today. ! Brevin: I'm thinking the Z word. ! Fred: What have Zebras got to do with anything? ! Enid: Very funny Fred. I think that's perhaps leaping to a conclusion Brevin but something is definitely wrong out there. ! Dolores: Zombie hipsters would be an improvement. ! Smashing sound – Everyone turns to look SL. Garth gets his lightsaber ready and approaches the zombie (off stage). ! Garth: (yelling) Oh Hoth! Hey, you could've just opened the door you know? ! Shop light starts flickering and then off, complete darkness, smashing sound and fumbling noises, screams. Light comes back on, a hipster zombie is duck taped to a computer chair. Garth has a bloody lightsaber in his hand and a bite on his neck which he is holding. Garth prods the zombie with his lightsaber. !
!16
ZvN 26 06 14 Zombie Zed/Colin: Braaaaaaiiiinssssss. ! Brevin puts tape over Zombies mouth. Fred timidly offers Garth his Purell for the wound, giving a little whelp as he sees the blood. ! Thora: You probably want to get that looked at. ! Garth: Oh you think so do you genius? I'm going to see if I can find a first aid kit or paramedic or something. ! Garth exits SR (Shop store room). ! Thora: What shall we do about him then? (Gestures at zombie) ! Dolores: What, Colin?  ! Brevin: You know him?! ! Dolores: No, he just looks like a Colin. ! Enid: That’s ridiculous. Colin is a name for Englishmen in American films or dogs on cult TV shows, not whatever this mess is. Let’s call him Zed. ! Dolores: That’s a lame name.  ! Brevin: And Colin is a cool name is it?  ! Dolores: Look who’s talking “Brevin”! (Exaggerated, mocking style) ! Thora: He’s a bit bitey. How about Suarez? ! Enid: We’re calling it Zed. ! Dolores: (disappointed) Awwwww. ! Thora: Shouldn’t we work out how to “deal” with it. (Uses air quote fingers) ! Brevin: What would Bill Murray do? ! Seymour calls Brevin – ringtone is Ballad of Bilbo Baggins or LOTR theme ! Brevin: Now is not a good time Seymour! ! Seymour: Shush noob, have you heard the news? ! Brevin: Well obviously not. !
!17
ZvN 26 06 14 Seymour: It's a full on zombie apocalypse! It’s like the walking dead out there! Reports are that it began here last night and has spread out across the city! ! Brevin: Well that would explain this then. ! Seymour: Explain what? ! Brevin: The zombie we have taped to a chair. ! Seymour: WHAT?! You need to kill it right away! ! Thora: and how do you suggest we do that? ! Dolores: I don't see why we have to kill it. ! Seymour: You have to kill it because if it bites you you'll become a zombie too. ! Dolores: Coooool. ! Dolores steps towards the zombie but Enid holds her back. ! Dolores: Oh you're so lame. The undead are awesome. ! Enid: Hang on a sec, pretty sure I've got just the thing. ! Enid goes to the shelves.  ! Thora: Oh you're going to bore it to death with some Death Note? ! Fred: But I like Death Note… ! Enid: It's not Death Note; it's the Zombie Survival Guide! ! Brevin: Of course! ! Enid flips through the book. ! Fred: Did they say when the apocalypse began last night? (Looks shifty) ! Enid: So… (flicking through) 10 foot cinder block wall … supplies... Ah, here it is. ! Brevin: What do we need to do? ! Enid: It's like the newsreader says in Shaun of the Dead – they can be stopped by… !
!18
ZvN 26 06 14 Everyone: Removing the head or destroying the brain! ! Fred: Although I do have a Pokeball to hand, we could try that. ! Enid: Knock yourself out Fred ! Fred rummages in his bag, finds a Pokeball. Rolls it towards the zombie with a look of happy expectation on his face. Looks disappointed it hasn't work. ! Fred: Oh… well I suppose zombie Pokemon aren’t technically canon. (looking disappointed) ! Seymour: I'm going to assume Fred's effort was noobish and made of fail. Anyway, just needed to let you know, I'm going to make sure mum gets us lots of tins of stuff so we can survive in here if need be. ! Seymour hangs up. ! Brevin: OK, let’s do this. Erm… We need something to, you know, decapitate it. ! Thora: I hope Seymour’s mum gets some of those tinned pies. Yum. Actually you could probably use the lids as weapons. ! Enid: I have just the thing! ! Enid dashes out SR and pulls out Thor’s Hammer. ! Enid: FOR ASGARD! ! Enid knocks the zombie’s head off (dummy zombie obviously) ! Thora: That… was pretty cool. ! Brevin: Good work Enid! ! Fred: Shouldn’t Thor-a be using that hammer? ! Thora: Look everyone, Fred made a funny, like a real boy! ! Dolores: Poor Colin. ! Fred: I thought he was called Zed? ! Enid: Zed’s dead baby, Zed’s dead. !
!19
ZvN 26 06 14 Thora: Right, we need to get to Seymour’s and there’s only going to be more of those things outside so we need to defend ourselves. Let’s go see what we can find and get supplies. And tinned pies. ! Cast all exit Stage Right ! Garth enters stage left. ! Song by Garth:“Where is My Brain?” Pixies – Where is My Mind? / Boston – More than a Feeling Garth’s turning into a Zombie song: Oohs done by the zombies gathering around him, sitting on the edge of the stage with him ! With this bite on my arm and my head spinning round I feel sick and I’m gonna turn, yeah I’m going to collapse But there’s something to it And I ask myself Why am I so cold? Where is my pulse? Where is my Brain?  (Cut Music at the end of this line, break for 8 beats then into Boston) It's more than a feeling  (Zombies: More than a feeling)  My skin is all tingling  (Zombies: More than a feeling)  Am I just dreaming?  (Zombies: More than a feeling)  This is better than being human any day! Blackout. ! !
!20
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Six ! FX: Low shop light, flickering every so often ! Brevin, Fred, Enid, Delores and Thora are in the shop going through their supplies. Scared, they talk. ! Brevin: What do you reckon caused it then? ! Fred: I can’t imagine. Certainly couldn’t be an experiment gone slightly wrong. ! Dolores: What makes you say that? ! Enid: Ignore Fred; he gets a bit weird whenever he’s seen bodily fluids. Well, weirder. I hope Garth is ok. ! Thora: He’ll be fine, the wuss. I reckon it’s a virus, like Resident Evil. ! Dolores: Maybe voodooooooooo. ! Enid: I don’t think the ‘how’ is our most pressing issue guys. We need to get from here to Seymour’s without being eaten. ! Thora: Kill them all!  ! Enid: Oh, you happen to have a large amount of weaponry do you? Or are you planning to take out an undead horde with a ba’tleth? ! Thora: Hey, it’s an underrated weapon! But you’ve got a point. ! Dolores: Let’s just go with the flow. I’ve always wanted to be a zombie. ! Brevin: Well that explains a lot. ! Fred: We could just hide here. ! Enid: With a smashed in door and the scent of blood already? Not likely. ! Brevin: Hang on a sec (rolls dice)… that’s it! Bill Murray! ! Dolores: They’re not ghosts Brevin. ! Thora: And we don’t have any proton packs. ! Brevin: No! Zombieland! He pretends to be a zombie and they just leave him alone! 
!21
ZvN 26 06 14 ! Enid: Hmmm. Well in the absence of a better idea I’m inclined to go with you on this. ! Brevin: The dice never lie! ! Thora: Ok, let’s practice  ! (All the characters line up and start acting like zombies, apart from Delores)  ! Thora: That’s perfect Dolores. ! Dolores: I’ve not started yet! ! Thora: Oooookay… let’s see everyone’s walk. ! Song by Everyone:“Walk Like an Undead Man” Walk like an Egyptian/The Jungle Book Garth’s parts are sung like the jungle book and the character parts are sung like walk like an Egyptian. ! Garth: Now I'm the king of the zombies yeah, the brain dead VIP I've reached the top, don’t want to stop So I need a bigger army I wanna be a Zed, Zedi And infect the whole town And be just like a Jedi Master I'm tired of Zombie’n around!   (Oh –e-oh’s all in the same place, done by his zombies) ! Zombies: Breather types with moral rights sing: Characters: Way-oh-way-oh-way-ooo-aaa-ooo...  Walk like an undead man The dumb infected talk like they’re  underground but gurgle more.  They've got this grone (Zombies: Oh-Way-Oh)  You drop your voice and then you mumble more  All the undead look sort of sick So make that face and drool a bit  When it’s time to go (Zombies: Oh-Way-Oh)  We’re walking like an undead man  ! Dead head types with futile gripes sing:   Zombies: Oh, oobee doo Characters: I wanna be like you (Break in music)  Garth: Cuz all the girlies say I’m pretty fly Zombie Cheerleaders: For a dead guy!  !22
ZvN 26 06 14 ! Characters: I wanna walk like you, talk like you too! ! Garth: Now let’s get these living undead You’ve made a deal with me What I desire is man's dead end Too make my dream come true So get to work biters  I’ll show you what to do I have the power of man's last hour So I’m the king of you. ! Characters: They all walk with a limp Like all their bones are broken Stumble and slouch (Zombies: Oh-Way-Oh)  Hobble and drag your foot on the ground ! Zombies: Breather types with moral rights sing: Characters: Way-oh-way-oh-way-ooo-aaa-ooo...  Walk like an undead man ! Walk like an undead man  Walk like an undead man FX: Smoke Machine ! Garth enters floor stage right as a Zombie, with all the other zombies just as the song starts. ! Blackout. Curtains. ! !! !
!23
ZvN 26 06 14 Act Two Scene One ! FX: complete darkness, Smoke machine. First 20sec of Amok Time from the Original Star Trek fight scene plays before curtains open and continues till the end of the scene (6.10mins in full length). Scene is set outside, trees and such, Low light, loud thunder and rain noise. ! [stage directions/fight choreography subject to change based on ability/feasibility] ! Thora runs in, looking around like she’s running from something. Garth enters in a cloak hood up, you can’t see his face. He walks with his head held high and a strong slow(ish) step. ! Garth: (In a deep voice) join me. With our combined strength we can end this conflict. ! Thora: ( Yelling) I’ll never join you! … Wait who are you? Batman? ! Garth: If only you knew the power of the dark side! (He pulls back his hood, revealing his Zombie face) ! Thora: Garth! I should have known it would be you. You got ugly… er! ! Garth: Don’t make me destroy you! (He pulls out his lightsaber) ! Thora: It’s like when Spock had to fight Kirk on Star Trek. (In Spock’s voice) If we don’t battle to the death, they will kill us both. (She draws a bat’leth that is strapped to her back) Good Bye Jim. ! Garth jumps forward with both feet, weapons crossed, pushing towards each other. They push off, both forced backwards. Garth swings at Thora and cuts a rip into his shirt right across his chest. Thora looks surprised. Garth swings at Thora again. They circle each other, holding their weapons horizontally. ! Garth: It is useless to resist. ! Thora: Resistance is not futile! ! Thora knocks Garth to the floor. He gets up quick and moves towards Thora. Garth swings at Thora, up, down, middle x2, Thora is holding his weapon in the air with both hands, jumping backwards to avoid being hit. He is then trapped up against a wall, Garth swings at him. Thora ducks and Garth hits the wall behind Thora hard. Thora looks at the same spot on the wall in 
!24
ZvN 26 06 14 fright and looks at Garth quickly. Thora hits Garth in the stomach, pushing him backwards, falling over. Thora on her knees is on top of Garth pushing his weapon down towards Garth’s throat. They struggle. Garth puts his foot on Thora’s chest and pushes him back. Garth quickly gets up. They circle each other. Garth hits Thora’s ba’tleth so hard he falls back. Garth holds his saber to Thora’s face. ! Garth: If you come with us we will take care of you. ! Thora: There are four lights!!!!! ! Thora fights back with her ba’tleth and gets up. Garth throws down his saber and misses Thora. They swing at each other and Thora catches Garth on the top of his right arm. He yells. Thora is on the edge of the stage. Garth swings for him and misses. He swings back and cuts Thora’s right hand off (holding her ba’tleth). Thora screams in pain and grabs her stump and falls to the ground, curled up. ! Garth: There is no escape. I will destroy you! ! Thora walks backwards away from Garth and runs off SL. ! Dolores enters SL ! Dolores: That was actually quite impressive. I'm off to join the dark side! ! Dolores and Garth exit SR together. ! Black out. Curtains. ! !
!25
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Two ! FX: Thunder and rain noise from last scene continues but quieter. ! Thora, Enid, Brevin and Fred run in (through audience) having been chased by zombies. They stay on the floor stage. ! Brevin: Blimey, didn't realise you were so handy with a Bat’leth! ! Enid: Really Brevin? Hand puns at a time like this. ! Thora: Well thanks for your concern everyone, really appreciated… ! Fred: Has it stopped bleeding yet? (Looking away) ! Thora: Well no. 'Tis but a scratch. ! Enid: A scratch?! Your hands off! ! Thora: Well yes, but when am I going to get another chance to do a Python reference? ! Fred: True dat. ! Everyone stares at Fred. ! Brevin: More importantly there's a load of zombies chasing us and the odds are they've worked out where we are. ! Zombies crash in SR at Bevin’s last word. Zombie attacks and kills Thora ! Brevin: Quick let’s get out of here! ! Fred: What about Thora? ! Thora: (covered in blood, Lying on the floor very still, now turning into a zombie sits up) BRAINS? ! Enid: I think we can leave Thora. You guys do one, I'll handle this! ! Fred: If you say so! Leg it! (runs off SR, dragging Brevin with him) ! Zombies surround Enid, who takes off her glasses, pulls her hair down and reveals a superhero t-shirt (Wonder Woman) underneath her top. She takes a Kung Fu, Dragon Stance, and the zombies all take similar stances.  Manga Girl enters !
!26
ZvN 26 06 14 Enid: (She relaxes) Urgh, anime girls. Time to kick some manga butt! [Takes her stance again] No one expects the Spanish Inquisition! ! SFX: sonic boss music, POW, Whack, bam!  ! [Martial arts type fight, Enid kicks ass] ! [Voices in this section are dubbed badly like in a 70s kung fu film - both Enid and Manga Girl suddenly have gruff voices] ! Enid: You must die, I alone am best. ! Manga Girl: You kung fu is no match for mine! Prepare to taste defeat! [more fight] ! Enid: Your over confidence is your weakness ! Manga Girl: And you faith in your friends is yours! ! [more fight] ! Manga Girl: You fight with great skill. You shall die a warriors death. ! Enid: Not on my to-do list I’m afraid. SHORYUKEN! [use Street Fighter sample] ! [Enid dragon punches Manga Girl (or the best we can manage). Manga Girl falls to the ground] ! Video game style announcer: KO - ENID WINS ! Enid runs off SR to catch up with the others, Manga Girl crawls away ! Blackout. ! !
!27
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Three ! FX: Very low light, very quiet. ! Curtains. Brevin is sat on the edge of the stage planning another zombie attack, D&D style. Enid runs in SR ! Brevin: How did you get out of that!? ! Enid: Let's just say you pick up a thing or two about fighting when you read as many comic books as I do. ! Brevin: Well we need a plan. Not sure where Fred has got to, was rambling about a Japanese school girl or something. ! Enid: Really? Interesting... one of those zombies was very anime school girl, like Fred's wet dream. ! Brevin: That's weird. Wonder what he's up to? ! Enid: You said something about a plan? ! Brevin: Yes! One second (rolls dice) … ok, the buses aren't running, and it's a good 20 minutes to walk to Seymour's house. We need to use a classic D’n’D strategy to make it. ! Enid: I had a feeling you might say that. ! Zombies slowly creep up behind them. They don’t notice until the last second. ! Brevin: There's a park we could cut through, normally I'd avoid it what with the scallies and the cider but I think they have bigger problems than us tonight. ! Enid: So we're hoping that the zombies are too busy being spat at and asked for fags to notice us sneaking past. ! Brevin: Exactly. Just like the time I used the Orcs to distract the Hobgoblins. ! Enid: Well it's not ideal but it's all we've got. ! Brevin: Ok, shiny. Now if we can just ARRRRGGH (nommed by zombies) ! Enid runs through the audience and out the back. The zombies drag Brevin off SL. ! !
!28
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Four ! FX: Dawn type light ! Dolores runs on from SL and stops to catch her breath. A few seconds later Enid runs on from SR. ! Dolores: Enid! ! Enid: Dolores! Where have you been?! (They run to each other and hug) ! Dolores: Oh my god right, I was trying to get the zombies to accept me as their rightful queen but they said I was too lame. How lame is that? ! Enid: Sounds lame. ! Dolores: I know right?! Chuffing hipster zombies think they're too cool for me. But while I was calling them lame hipsters I saw Fred lurking around like he does. I thought he was just checking me out, obviously, but then he ran off so I followed him, and he ran into this creepy laboratory. ! Enid: I've heard him mutter about that before, assumed he was making crack, which would explain a whole lot about him. ! Dolores: Do I sound like I've finished? So I followed him in to his creepy lab and there's this skank there, and I mean literally skanky, a rotting mess dressed like a Japanese school girl. ! Enid: You're fracking kidding me… ! Dolores: And he's there offering her flowers, which she just ate, and he's swearing his undying love, and she was just groaning like, well, like a zombie. ! Enid: Yeah, they do a lot of that. ! Enid's phone rings – Buffy Theme ! Enid: Hang on a sec. Hi Seymour, make it quick. ! Hipster zombie slowly enters SL while phone conversation is happening ! Seymour: Hi Enid, you still coming over? I think I know how to stop the zombies! ! Enid: How?! 
!29
ZvN 26 06 14 ! Seymour: No time to explain, get over here! (Say in Mortal Kombat style) ! Seymour's mum: BRAAAAINS ! Seymour: Not now mum I'm on the phone! Some people are so inconsiderate. Bet she hasn't even sorted the chips and dip yet. ! Seymour's mum: URRRGHRGRGHERGHWERGQERH ! Enid: Err Seymour… ! Seymour: Just a sec, what do you want mother?! ! Seymour's mum: FEED ME SEYMOUR! ! Seymour: ARRGHH!!!!!! ! End of phone call.  ! SFX: Dial tone   Enid: (gulps) Seymour! Oh gravy! (Talking to herself) Ok, stay calm, if he had a plan it might still be on his computer. (Turns to Dolores) Erm, Dolores, what are you doing? ! Dolores is staring at the zombie, swaying slowly back and forth, fingers on her temples ! Dolores: I'm trying to use the power of my mind to make this zombie accept me as its rightful leader. ! Enid: How's that working out for you? ! Dolores: Well he's obviously attracted to me, and who wouldn't be, am I right? I think a few more seconds and he’ll be under my spell! ! Song "A Zombie To Love" Queen – Somebody to love ! ! Can anybody find me a zombie to love?  ! Ohh, ohh, ohh (in a zombie fashion)  ! Each morning I get up I wanna die There isn’t enough eyeliner left for me 
!30
ZvN 26 06 14 Take a look in my closet, I see black, oh yeah.  Satan what you're doing to me? I have spent all my years in believing you But I just can't get into your hell, Oh! Somebody, somebody, oh somebody, somebody Can anybody find me a zombie to love? ! Abruptly ends as Zombie hipster attacks and kills Dolores ! Enid: Oh Smeg (runs off stage) ! Black Out.  Curtains Close. ! !
!31
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Five - This ain’t a scene it's a zombie dance break! ! FX: Cantina band, all lines to be spoken in English with a slight Zombie twang (‘Zomblish’). ! Posh zombie enters SR. He’s wearing a monocle and holding a pipe. Zombie dog walker enters SL dragging dead dog behind. ! Posh zombie: I say, do you have the time? ! Dog walker zombie: about half five ! Posh zombie: splendid, and may I say what a fine hound you have ! Dog walker zombie: thank you, he's called Colin. ! Posh zombie: Colin? But that's a people name! ! Enter Scally Zombie SL ! Scally zombie: arh maaayte, have you got a spare fag mate? ! Posh zombie: good heavens young man, certainly not! ! Scally zombie: (to dog walker) 10p? braaaaains?  ! Dog walker zombie: come on Colin. ! Dog walker and posh zombie loiter at back of stage as lollipop lady and hipster zombie come on. ! Hipster zombie: cool outfit. ! Lollypop Lady zombie: thanks, I think … ! Hipster zombie: you should try some tight jeans with that coat. ! Scally zombie: faaaag mayyyyte? (To hipster zombie) ! Hipster zombie: smoking is passé  ! Scally zombie: you wot? ! Scally zombie goes to fight Hipster zombie, lollipop lady puts lollipop in the way ! Lollypop Lady zombie: break it up. (Knocking them both down with her lollipop) !
!32
ZvN 26 06 14 Metal head zombies run on from SR and start a mosh pit between themselves, fake limbs go flying. ! Rest of the zombies enter ! Song by all zombies: I like Eating Brains “I Love Eating Brians” Oingo Boingo – Little Girls Lyrics  Pure zombie scene, slap stick dance. ! I love eating brains they make me feel so good I love chasing them it make me feel so bad When they're around they make me feel Like my blood has come alive I love eating brains they make me feel so good ! I chase them down and chew a little bit They're all frightened by my dead exterior ! They try, to cut our heads off We want, just a little taste They don't, know it’s just a game It’s great, to be a Zombie Isn't this fun Isn't this what life's all about Isn't this a dream come true Isn't this a nightmare too ! I love eating brains they make me feel so good I love chasing them it make me feel so bad When they're around they make me feel Like my blood has come alive I love eating brains they make me feel so good ! They don't care about my personality They're just frightened by amputated leg (holding his leg up) ! They try, to disembowel us  (swinging their bowls about) They don’t know, it doesn’t hurt us. They don't, know it’s just a game It’s great, to be a Zombie Isn't this fun Isn't this what life's all about Isn't this a dream come true Isn't this a nightmare too Ohhhhh I love eating brains they make me feel so good! FX: Smoke machine ! Blackout. Curtains. !
!33
ZvN 26 06 14 !
!34
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Six ! FX: Light on floor stage only.  ! Fred is expressing his love to Manga Girl ! Fred: oh my darling, at last I have you alone! ! Manga Girl: Brains? ! Fred: yes dear, soon you can have all the brains you like! How could a socially awkward idiot like me create something so perfect, so vibrant!  ! Manga Girl: brains. (Inches closer) ! Fred: how can the others not see it? How can they be so blind? Only Dolores seems to have an idea of how a man could love a creature such as you. ! Manga Girl: Braaains. ! Fred: come to me my princess! ! Fred and Manga Girl embrace and kiss when suddenly Manga Girl starts eating Fred’s face. Fred screams. He falls over and is still for a moment. He then sits up with zombie arms. He has turned. ! Song by Fred and Manga Girl: “You Just Died in My Arms Tonight” Cutting Crew – I Just Died in Your Arms Tonight Fred’s and Manga girl’s love duo song ! Manga Girl: Oh you, you  just died in my arms tonight It must have been something I chewed on You just died in my arms tonight ! I thought you were something I couldn’t get  Blood and guts are all around me But I can’t find a better way to fall in love with you You’re going to turn and it’s gonna be fatal  The deal is sealed and this is my fault  Who would've thought that a girl like me could come to this ! Fred: Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight You bit me and it’s definitely bad I just died in your arms tonight Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight It must've been some kind of kiss I should've  killed you when I had the chance, when I had the chance. 
!35
ZvN 26 06 14 ! I’m so confused. I feel like death. But it’s different when I look in your eyes I feel like I am home but then it’s gone again I made you who you are and now you’ve made me who I am She's the girl of my dreams, one I couldn’t have 'cos I've been thrilled to fantasy, in all my anime films. ! Manga Girl: Oh You, You just died in my arms tonight It must've been something I chewed on You just died in my arms tonight Oh you, you just died in my arms tonight It must've been some kind of kiss I should've stayed away, I should've stayed away ! Fred: It was a dark, rainy night she made it look easy, she made it look right and now I’m here and my friends are gone I  followed my heart, not my brain, when I had one ! Manga Girl & Fred: Oh I (you), I (you) just died in your (my) arms tonight, It must've been something you (I) chewed on, I (you) just died in your (my) arms tonight I (you), I (you) just died in your arms tonight, It must've been some kind of kiss Now I love you and I’m going to stay! Love you and I’m gonna stay ! Fred and Manga Girl exit SR. ! !
!36
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Seven ! FX: Floor Stage only light, thunder, lighting and loud rain ! Enid comes through audience finally getting to Seymour’s house ! Enid: (Sobbing) I can't believe I'm the only one left! I might be the only living person left in Manchester at this rate! I've lost my best friends in the world! Who else is going to get my comic book references? Who will provide a needless argument about Star Trek Wars? Who will make all their decisions based on dice rolls without being a compulsive gambler? Who will be a freaky weirdo with an unhealthy obsession with Japanese schools girls? (Shrugs) Although... at least there are plenty of pale, sullen and uncommunicative folks around to remind me of Dolores. (Realising this is a success) I must be the last one left! ! Song by Enid: Last One Left “Last One Left” Alanis Morissette – Right Trough You This song shows up twice in the show so split in two ! ! Part 2 ! Hello little Boy You didn't think I'd make it You didn't think I'd show up un harmed And this ammunition on my back Now that I'm Miss Thing Now that I'm not a Zombie You were the villain of my life Now who’s the one who’s not undead? ! I saw right through you I knew I was gonna beat you Now there is no one in my way I walked right through you, you, you.  ! All the zombies sneak in from all around her. They cut her song short by chanting “One of us” starting quiet and then louder and louder. She is then devoured by them ! Blackout. Screaming by all the cast !
!37
ZvN 26 06 14 Scene Eight ! FX: Full lights on stage. A sofa is on stage with an electric drum kit, keytar and guitar hidden behind it. ! The main characters are all in Seymour’s basement playing video games, all zombies and in their cosplay (to be decided on costume availability). All lines to be spoken in zomblish. ! Brevin: I can't believe all this was just so Fred could have a girlfriend. ! Dolores: I can't believe I'm not queen of the zombies yet. ! Garth: Star Trek is still lame even though we're zombies. ! Thora: Actually I prefer brains now. Even your brains. (takes a bite out of Garth) ! Seymour: brains? ! Everyone: BRAINS. ! Brevin: rolling dice is harder now, but D’n’D is less exciting when you can eat someone's brains. ! Seymour: brains? ! Everyone: BRAINS. ! Enid Enters ! Enid: Well, I feel much better. How about you Manga Girl? ! Manga Girl: Fred's brains were delicious, and you were a worthy adversary. ! Manga Girl kisses Fred. ! Fred: Zombie apocalypse - totally worth it. ! (FX: Smoke machine) Keytarist zombie come on stage and starts to play the beginning of the song. The zombie characters standup as if it’s the national anthem. Then rest of zombie band come on to the floor stage. ! Song by Everyone – “Zombie Nightmare” Europe – The Final Countdown Finally song/ dance number !
!38
ZvN 26 06 14 Now we’ve took over and earth looks like hell We’ve joined the dark side Vader would be proud ! The Red shirts have won the game We've left the grave (left the grave) Things will never be the same again It's a zombie nightmare. ! It’s a zombie nightmare. ! Oh, Dr Who couldn’t beat us (Beat us) Frodo fell for our spell The Borg didn’t see us assimilated them all, yeah Batman had nowhere to go We've left the grave (left the grave) Things will never be the same again It’s a zombie nightmare. ! It’s a zombie nightmare. It’s a zombie nightmare. (zombie nightmare) Oh...oh ! It’s a zombie nightmare. It’s a zombie nightmare. It’s a zombie nightmare. (zombie nightmare) Oh...oh ! POW! END! BLACKOUT!  All cast off stage and arranged to do bows.
!39somehow (in a more interesting way than lost woods/suda)

